Alexander Povetkin kept belt
regular world champion version
Heavyweight in Marco Combat
a hook turned ambiguous at times
turning into a fight but the main victory
awarded the Russian a controversial decision
Now the taxes themselves are surveyed on
the topic of kolobov it declared the strongest and
we have more about this
let's talk but in the meantime we pass our word
special trigger shtandarte dmitry lukashenko he
saw everything with my own eyes
also it in our scolds its still
more than someone else's stencils on after
battles said different
but first winners are judged
rarely and secondly well what comes
good result
this is footage saturday press conferences in
Stuttgart Povetkin did not appear already
catching my breath
with a small abrasion on his forehead graduated in
black glasses hiding bruises
stuck plaster could not
stop the blood that oozed out
eye corrections but fame and merit is not
website through analytics with speed many
sins and machine gun
we oblige you anyway I won this
the battle all the people the whole planet saw from whom
it was stronger today 4
simpler paper
heavy that i am a little bit old
she is
maybe him
child
there would be no editors ed
will help to stand in line to
rub
In the roller coaster, strong MC, we owe to the boxer sample
I think that they would have another
it is time to take stock
verification team is the best
my grandmother is a priceless experience
there were a lot of mistakes and with which
Now you need to work batteries Povetkin
fun after
I think it will be that in many ways
summoned to the national team at once emotions
Well, we will not
09 00 00
bills won
sometimes guaranteed
motor during this year
we are very problematic
unpreparedness from residential areas
Mentor Povetkin Alexander Zimin
passers heart pain watched
on some maneuvers of the ward
and in pauses try to bring it in
order of security is expensive
then when she is gone
she added she
I guess appreciating Sar Mikhailov
and so we will do the right thing theater
zingaro
Of course about how many times such a check on
delivery after that
but korea looked at it through his fingers
so on
mercilessly belarus
you will see by the head
but in any case deliciously obliged
Povetkin his
to our boxer remains only
get worse
standard panin
ready lit eternal protective action
we will be more exciting in our own
throat time
also no
discontent with new stars that is why
you have to be prepared for his criminal
case canceled
after the fight he tries to behave the winner
and thank public
so it seemed this novel from the stands three
of the year
to tear the German judges
journalists only said that in boxing
not the one who gives wins
and what is judged
but apparently that revenge
so said both fighters if
will be held on February 3
Povetkin anyway
the core of each frame swamp week
sports
Meanwhile, on the site sportbox.ru we spent
poll of fans who do you think
won
victory garden Povetkin and his German
understandable was what to do
no result let's see
Povetkin 39 of them are tenths of a percent
for a draw a little less than 35 5 5 5 thousand and very
a decent amount of people
24 85 awarded the victory
marco huku but it's nice that this way
of the questions of the agenda told that the fight was
quite
ambiguous
decision of the judges